# Jolocom-challenge

Tech assignment
Welcome to the Jolocom challenge - “Collapsible Scroll”.
Below you will find the description of your assignment. Please use designs attached when developing the task. The assignment must be implemented with React-Native (without Expo) and Typescript. The solution should be functional for both iOS and Android. Please don’t use third party libraries for the collapsible functionality.
Later in the document you will find a “Bonus” section. The points in the Bonus section are prioritized in a descending order. Please create a public Github repository for this assignment and document the process of setting up the project.
Requirements
Create a “Collapsible” scroll component, which behaves in the following way: during the initial state, the header is empty. As soon as the user starts scrolling the content, the title of the scrolled section should appear in the header with an animation of your choice. The content of the scroll- able component is a form which includes: a first name, last name, phone number, email and age. The focused field must be highlighted as seen in the designs. Each form field should trigger the appropriate keyboard type. When all the form fields are entered correctly, the submit button should become enabled and the submit should be initiated. Furthermore, the submit function should be a promise that randomly rejects or resolves. After submission, a “submission result” should slide in. When the user presses the ‘Start over button’, the fresh form should appear and the “submission summary” should disappear. Lastly, the attached designs should be used more as a guidance, which means you can show off your creativity as well.
